well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about
when people will be satisfied
when it will be enough when it will stop
we do this because somebody asked me
somebody brought it up and the context
was really when will those who are
seeking change
those looking for progress those
searching for justice
when will they be satisfied when will it
be enough
and it gets to the heart of something i
said
recently
there are no new conservative ideas
because this question there's really two
questions there
but the idea
really boils down to understanding that
fact
there are no new conservative ideas
there may be new ways to package
a conservative idea defend it market it
brand it
but there aren't new conservative ideas
by definition it's not really a thing
not in any major way
holding two traditional attitudes and
values
and cautious about change or innovation
typically
in relation to politics or religion
by definition
new conservative ideas not a thing
not really now that isn't to say that
a person who is generally conservative
can't come up with a new idea
but that new idea is progressive
just coming from somebody who is
generally conservative
which makes sense because conservatives
typically just defend old progressive
ideas
and i know that doesn't make sense
um women voting
i would assume that most conservatives
of today
would say yes women should be able to
vote they would defend
that idea what about 100 years ago
150 years ago probably not
they wouldn't defend it because they'd
be trying to stick to the status quo
which is what
conservatives do
to take this further because it does
seem odd
to suggest that conservatives really
just hold on to old progressive ideas
the conservative party in the united
states is the republican
party
known as the party of lincoln
right lincoln was a progressive
lincoln was a progressive and i know
somebody's gonna say he's a republican
conservative i've got a video on the
southern strategy i'll put it down there
i don't think anybody would argue though
that ending slavery
was maintaining the status quo it would
certainly change
innovation it was progressive
you know when lincoln got reelected
he got a letter an address
from the international working men's
association
in this little address it really covered
four main points
the first congratulations on your
continued opposition to slavery this is
good
the second was that the working class of
europe were behind him
the third was that the contest going on
in the united states was really a global
battle
between property capital and labor
and that the working men of europe were
behind him
and the fourth was that it was a
historically progressive event
and that it would usher in the era of
the working class
this little letter was drafted by a guy
in london
he was in london because he was kind of
like exiled there persona non grata
um because he wrote this he wrote this
little pamphlet
about this new economic theory
called the communist manifesto
the spiritual ancestor of the republican
party
the party of lincoln lincoln was
getting fan mail drafted by karl
marx i'm willing to bet they don't talk
about that at their meetings this isn't
to say
that all new ideas are good or that all
old ideas are bad
it's just saying that the new ideas
come from the progressive side
and the conservative side of things
tries to
hold things back and maybe on some level
that's good
maybe the conservative side that anchor
on society and the world at large
maybe at times it stops the progressives
from chasing
a new bad idea too far
so maybe there's a benefit to it but at
the end of the day
when you're really talking about it on a
global scale
when you're looking at it through a
historical scope when are people
satisfied when does it end
it doesn't ever it will continue to go
on even once all the problems we have
today are solved
there will be other injustices it
doesn't
end but see when people ask
us when will they be satisfied they're
not really asking what would
satisfy people what they really want to
know
is when is it enough for me personally
what can i do and the answer to that my
answer
because it's not an unanswerable
question i would suggest
that it's you do what you can when you
can where you can for as long as you can
you play out your part in changing the
world
and helping it progress in seeking
justice
but most people who ask this
they're not really asking what they can
do
they're asking what the minimum those
people
will accept
what's the minimum that we can give up
and allow us to return to the status quo
that's really the question i would
suggest
that just attempting to do the minimum
in regards to seeking justice
is probably not the best way to go about
it
anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night